h1. Declarative Authorization Rails 3 Example App

Sample Rails 3.2 app using "Devise":https://github.com/plataformatec/devise gem for user authentication and "declarative_authorization":https://github.com/stffn/declarative_authorization gem for user authorization.

Based on the "Declarative Authorization RailsCast":http://railscasts.com/episodes/188-declarative-authorization

h2. Installation

After setting up the app, please run 'rake db:seed' to populate the database.

h2. Users

username: admin@example.com
password: password

username: moderator@example.com
password: password

username: author@example.com
password: password

h2. Development

* Data persistence: SQLite with ActiveRecord
* Template Engine: Haml
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Sass)
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: Declarative Authorization

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

This application was started with the excellent "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.com/.
